c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.exe.config
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.exe
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.pdb
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.exe
c:\users\gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.pdb
C:\Users\Gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.FormTaskAdd.resources
C:\Users\Gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.FormUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.FormProjectAdd.resources
C:\Users\Gercules\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest\obj\Debug\WF_BugTrackingSystemTest.AdditionalForms.FormSelect.resources
